Add reunion release to the bug template (#4485)
microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

[Microsoft.WinUI 3.0.0-preview1.200515.3] 
[Microsoft.WinUI 3.0.0-preview2.200713.0]
[Microsoft.WinUI 3.0.0-preview3.201113.0]
[Microsoft.WinUI 3.0.0-preview4.210210.4] 

> [WinUI/Reunion 0.5 Preview: 0.5.0-prerelease] If you seeing your issue in older previews, please try this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WinUI 3 - Project Reunion 0.5 Preview: 0.5.0-prerelease] If you're seeing your issue in older previews, please try this release.
```
